Added note to API guide for filtering exact matches (#15332)
ansible/awx: docs/docsite/rst/rest_api/filtering.rst

The following field lookups are supported:

> - ``exact``: Exact match (default lookup if not specified, see **Note** below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``exact``: Exact match (default lookup if not specified, refer to the following note for more information).
```

- ``role_level``: Level of role to filter on, such as ``admin_role``

.. note::

>     Previous releases of AWX returned queries with **__exact** results by default, but you may find that the latest versions are returning a larger subset instead. As a workaround, set the ``limit`` to ``exact`` for the default filter. For example, ``/api/v2/jobs/?limitexact=lbenedit-test-node`` will result in:

Reviewer 2: the correct limit value should be `?limit__exact`. My original comment was broken by the automatic formatting.

Also, we should change the example from `lbenedit-test-node` to `example.domain.com`

>     Previous releases of AWX returned queries with **__exact** results by default, but you may find that the latest versions are returning a larger subset instead. As a workaround, set the ``limit`` to ``?limit__exact`` for the default filter. For example, ``/api/v2/jobs/?limit__exact=example.domain.com`` will result in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Previous releases of AWX returned queries with **__exact** results by default, but you may find that the latest versions are returning a larger subset instead. As a workaround, set the ``limit`` to ``?limit__exact`` for the default filter. For example, ``/api/v2/jobs/?limit__exact=example.domain.com`` results in:
```
